One of the primary business drivers for moving to
the Cloud is the potential for cost savings.
But to be honest, motives abound.
It's a major decision and a big move.
In a large organization,
the migration project plan might project that it'll take years to complete.
My advice to you in this situation is to remain neutral and keep an open mind.
What's important is that the team defines the goals
prior to planning the migration or fresh start in the Cloud.
The team will generally consist of an IT director, IT managers,
business application owners, the people with the money,
technical application owners and admins,
product managers, production engineers,
software engineering managers, software engineers,
infrastructure engineers, and specialized support
staff like monitoring engineers and level 3 and 4 support.
Remember, you'll need to base your plans on
your baseline metrics to give your team the best shot at success.
Some examples of your team's goals might be resiliency, elasticity, scalability,
fault tolerance and disaster recovery, high-performance,
security, lower costs, centralization,
and Cloud native applications.
These are just a few examples.
Your team goals will be different,
but what's important is that you define them.
Once you have a concrete set of goals documented and defined,
you need to associate each goal with your current data so you can
understand how to determine if your Cloud projects are performing on target,
exceeding expectations, or if they need to be revisited and revised.
You can use Amazon's monitoring services to capture
the metrics that will provide you with the data you need to make the best decision.
There also a host of third party applications
designed to offer you every Cloud metric available and provides you with graphs,
reports, and logs in a streamline format.
It's not necessary to use these applications,
but the way they interpret, aggregate,
and present the data they capture can be of
great use to team members who aren't as technical.
It may lead to faster decision-making by drawing parallels and pulling out trends it may
take longer to detect when using the AWS built-in logging and monitoring options.